Add missing entry in the changelog about the KOKKOS_DEDUCTION_GUIDE macro (#7397)
kokkos/kokkos: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug Fixes
* Do not return a copy of the input functor in `Experimental::for_each` [\#6910](https://github.com/kokkos/kokkos/pull/6910)

> * Introduce KOKKOS_DEDUCTION_GUIDE macro to allow user-defined deduction guide in device code for clang compiler [\#6954](https://github.com/kokkos/kokkos/pull/6954)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduce KOKKOS_DEDUCTION_GUIDE macro to allow for portable deduction guides [\#6954](https://github.com/kokkos/kokkos/pull/6954)
```

Author: see 88f490276a8ebe94ec2d2a2f747543854157d22f
